docs(sem): add path/folder concepts and update content (#2129)
scaleway/docs-content: identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts.mdx

tags: secret-manager secret version
---

<Concept>

## Folder

Folders are the underlying structure for organizing and grouping your secrets in one place. Folders are always within a [path](#path).

</Concept>

<Concept>

## Path

> Paths refer to the access paths to your folders and secrets. They contain your folders, secrets and versions. Each path is prefixed with a slash.

Author: ```suggestion
A path refers to the access path to your folders and secrets. Paths contain your folders, secrets and versions. Each path is prefixed with a slash.
```

> A path refers to the access path to your folders and secrets. They contain your folders, secrets and versions. Each path is prefixed with a slash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A path refers to the access path to your folders and secrets. Paths contain your folders, secrets and versions. Each path is prefixed with a slash.
```

Reviewer: (otherwise I think its confusing, with the previous sentence ending with folders & secrets)

> A path refers to the access path to your folders and secrets. They contain your folders, secrets and versions. Each path is prefixed with a slash.

Author: ```suggestion
Paths refer to the access paths to your folders and secrets. They contain your folders, secrets and versions. Each path is prefixed with a slash.
```

For example, if you create a folder `my-folder` within the path `/my-path`, your folder can be accessed at the `/my-path/my-folder` path.

<Message type="important">

>   - A path can only contain folder names of 1 to 255 alphanumeric characters, dots, underscores and dashes.

Reviewer 2: Unclear if it is 255 characters per folder name or 255 characters for the whole path

>   - If you leave the path name field empty when creating your folders or secrets, the default path will be `/`. Your folders and secrets will be under the `/` path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If you leave the path name field empty when creating your folders or secrets, the default path will be `/`. Your folders and secrets will be stored under the `/` path.
```

Reviewer 2: Preferential, so as you want !
